My code is comprised of 2 main src folders which contain the functions useful to run my code. In message.h there is a structure which stores the ADSB packets. Each line of the ADSB packet is passed through the parse line function which checks what type of command it is. By process of elimination, it checks if it is asking for an estimated position, an ADSB packet which can update the position of an aircraft, if it is requesting the “num_contacts” which corresponds to the number of planes in the airspace, if there are any separation issues within the airspace or if there is a need to close the airspace. In the find node function it returns a boolean (True of False) by transversing the linked list and seeing if this id already exists in the list. If it finds the ID, the function returns a pointer to the node containing that aircraft. In the append nodes function the code appends the linked list. In the append node function, it allocates the new node to the end of the linked list. In the remove node function, it moves from the current node to the next node and frees the memory allocated to the previous node. But if the current node is not in the area of operation it will return to the current node and will not delete it. This is also done in the free list function. In the count plane function, it creates two counters, one for active planes and another for inactive planes. By checking if it is in the area of operation or not it adds to its respective count and transverses through the list to ensure that it is a new plane and returns a count. In the estimate position function the code applies mathematical functions. It calculates the plane’s velocity and updates it to the linked list. It then calculates the estimated north and east coordinates. It then checks if the aircraft is in the selected airspace. If it is not in range it returns false and removes the node from the linked list.
